In order to be able to report to someone, you only have to consider the following:

If you do not have a Nitrado account yet:

Go to Log in / Register, and then on register.

Go to "LOGIN" in the upper right corner of the page, then click on "REGISTER FOR FREE", just create a Nitrado account

Now go back to our page and register with your newly created Nitrado account.

Now go to "REPORT" then to "REPORT" then to "Report" again on "Report", read the comment and follow the instructions.

Then you have to wait until an admin responds to your comment, you will get information if the player has been banned!

 

If you have a Nitrado account:

Go to log in / Register, and log in with your Nitrado account.

Go to "REPORT", then "REPORT" to "Reports" again on "Reports", read the comment and follow the instructions.

 

Now write a comment with the Steam ID of the player where you want to get banned. If you do not know what to do then follow these instructions:

Go to your console in CSGO.

Write "status" and copy out the complete line with the probably defamatory player.

Write it in the comments under this comment and you're done and have successfully reported a player.

You can repeat this process as many times as you like but not with the same player. Thank you!

 

GERMAN

 

Um jemanden Reporten zu können musst du nur die folgenden Sachen beachten:

Wenn du noch keinen Nitrado Account hast:

Gehe auf Einloggen / Registrieren, und dann auf register.

Gehe dann auf "EINLOGGEN" oben rechts auf der Seite, und dann auf "KOSTENLOS ANMELDEN", erstelle dir nun einfach einen Nitrado Account

Gehe nun wieder zurück auf unsere Seite und melde dich mit deinem eben erstellten Nitrado Konto an.

Gehe jetzt auf "REPORTEN" danach auf "REPORTEN" nun auf "Report" wieder auf "Report".

Wenn du einen Nitrado Account hast:

Gehe auf Einloggen / Registrieren, und melde dich mit deinem Nitrado Account an.

Gehe auf "REPORTEN" danach auf "REPORTEN" nun auf "Reports" wieder auf "Reports", lese dir den Kommentar durch und folge den Anweisungen.

 Danach musst du nurnoch Warten bis ein Admin auf dein Kommentar antwortet, du wirst Erfahren ob der Spieler gebannt wurde!

 

Schreibe nun ein Kommentar wo die Steam ID des Spielers wo gebannt werden soll drin steht. Wenn du nicht weißt was du tun sollst dann Folge den folgenden Anweisungen:

Gehe in deine Konsole in CSGO.

Gebe in diese "status" ein und kopiere die komplette Zeile mit dem vermutlich Regel verstoßenden Spieler heraus.

Schreibe das in die Kommentare und diesem Kommentar und du bist fertig und hast erfolgreich einen Spieler reportet.

Diesen Vorgang darfst du so oft wiederholen wie du willst aber nicht mit dem gleichen Spieler. Danke!
